Didn't you get on the plane?
Can I see such a good show if I leave?
Director Gai, you have worked hard all these years
Your name is Zhang Boran
Yes I remember you were a nice young man
How long has the internship been?
Less than a month
All right. You're officially hired next month.
Isn't the internship period three months? We have a saying that Jingmen has an exception to hire
There is no age limit.
Thanks boss
However, you must pass the bar examination within one year after you are officially hired
This is what I just got yesterday, hahahaha.
You really look good for the post-00 generation
Take this thing away, but baby
Let me ask you a question. Do you know why I hired Zhang Boran exceptionally?
Why ask him why record you might think lawyers are just going to court
Write a dossier
Fight for the legitimate rights and interests of those who do not understand the law
But in fact, lawyers should have chivalrous spirit in their bones
It is the pride of breaking the world with the sword
I saw this pride in Zhang Boran
I'm not that great
I'm doing this just for lawyer Tang Jian
No matter who it is for
Your spirit is right and commendable
Director Pai, if you are willing to write me an inspection, I can consider it.
Forget it
I'll deliver it to you this afternoon.